Welcome to exercise number 20.
This one's gonna be pretty easy as we've
already done what we're about to do
with the previous exercise, only we use stocks
and ETF, index ETFs instead of bonds.
This will be pretty straightforward
and now you'll probably have a good idea
as to why we set up the portfolio management system
the way we did.
After we do this exercise, what we'll do is we'll move on
to another exercise to add commodities
for our portfolio as well.
Let's get started.
What we're gonna do is we're gonna create
a new portfolio with these tickers in.
There are six tickers.
The first one we'll add is BND.
Let's use Safari this time.
And we'll go to My Portfolio.
And then what we'll do is we're gonna create
a new portfolio, and I've done a couple versions of these,
so let's call this Exercise 20.
Okay, great.
We're gonna add symbols here, the fist one
is BND and then TLT.
BND, TLT.
Then we've got tip, that's TIP.
Then we've got VLTCX,
ISHG,
and the last one is BNDX.
Good, okay great.
Now I wanna have all the headings here,
not just these ones here.
So I'll go to New View.
We can create a new view,
or edit existing view if you wanted to,
and just select them all.
Make sure every single field is added.
Okay, good, good, good.
Great.
Good, done.
Okay, now like we've done in the past,
we're gonna highlight everything,
including the top row there.
Copy.
And then we're gonna go here to settings,
and we're gonna add it to our portfolio
like we've done before.
I already deleted the information I had there before,
you might have it from a prior exercise.
You can just write over the top of it.
Remember you gotta be in cell A200.
Okay, good, there we go.
Great.
Okay now let's go back to exercise 20.
We've got it populated here, great,
so let's answer the questions now.
You'll notice that these questions here
don't necessarily refer to that ticker
in each row.
It does sometimes, but not all the time.
So the first question is, find out what percent
of the holdings of the Vanguard Total International
Market ETF Fund that are rated at triple A or above.
The ticker there is BNDX.
And I'm really trying to stress that I want you
to invest in high quality bonds only.
BNDX.
Yeah, just click on that, it might be easier.
Great.
And we wanna see what percent of holdings
are triple A or higher.
Scroll down, good.
22.97%, fantastic.
Okay, great.
And if you wanted to, you can write your answer down.
Next question.
Using Yahoo! Finance, what percent of the holdings
of the iShares 20 Year Treasury Bond ETF
are triple A or above?
So I'm gonna copy this one.
Paste it.
And here the answer is 100%, awesome.
So I would enter 100% there.
Next up.
I've got, what does TIPS stand for?
We know it's Treasury Inflation Protected Securities
but let's enter in the ticker for TIPS, which is TIP.
TIP.
And you can look at the Fund Summary here.
It'll tell you that TIPS stand for that.
Next up.
What are the top five holdings of this index here?
Let's go here, paste it in.
VLTCX, you can actually ticker too, if you want to.
And the top five holdings are right here.
Ge Cap, Busch, Busch, Goldman, DTS, Deutsche Telekom
and these are all bonds.
I love the yield in that, it's pretty nice.
And this fund is nicely diversified.
Wow, the largest piece is 0.76%, I like that.
Very cool.
And the top 10 holdings are only 4.29%.
Okay, what do we have next.
Using Yahoo! Finance, find out
the top five country holdings are for iShares
One to Three Year International.
Top five country holdings.
Alright, here they are, top five country holding.
Denmark, Portugal, Japan, Ireland, Sweden.
Cool.
Nicely diversified as well.
And the last question here is using Yahoo! Finance
to find out what the top three country holdings are
of this fund here.
So I'm actually gonna go copy from up here this time.
And there are your answers right there.
Cool, so this process is pretty simplistic,
and now that we know how to use it thoroughly,
it should be pretty easy for us to add to our portfolio,
commodities as well as real estate investment trust.
We'll talk about commodities in the next exercise,
and the next lesson as well.